Update documentation to introduce the concept of serial ids for LSUs (#5290)
hyperledger-labs/splice: docs/src/release_notes_upcoming.rst

    - the configuration ``domain-migration-dump-path`` was removed

- Docs

    - SV only: Introduced the concept of **serial ID** alongside the existing **migration ID** for synchronizer deployment.

>       The migration ID is now frozen at its value after the last major upgrade and is only used for the ``migration.id`` field in helm chart values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The migration ID is now frozen at its current value and is only used for the ``migration.id`` field in helm chart values.
```

simplify nit

      The serial ID is incremented by 1 for each :ref:`logical synchronizer upgrade <sv-logical-synchronizer-upgrades>` and replaces the migration ID

>       in helm release names, DNS entries, database names, CometBFT chain IDs, and all other deployment naming conventions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      in synchronizer (sequencer/mediator/CometBFT) release names, DNS entries, DB names, chain IDs and port numbers. Participant naming and the participant DB name continue to use MIGRATION_ID, which is now frozen.
```

This sounds more correct but please triple-check because, as stated elsewhere, I'm not fully unconfused about what participant naming we expect at this point in time.

      All example YAML files and documentation have been updated to use ``SERIAL_ID`` for addressing and ``MIGRATION_ID`` for migration-specific configuration.

>       The initial value of ``SERIAL_ID`` must be the same as the current value of ``MIGRATION_ID``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      For existing networks, ``SERIAL_ID`` must initially be set to the current value of ``MIGRATION_ID``.
      Newly initialized networks start with ``SERIAL_ID=0``.
```
